 The school is about to roll out another program that is an alternative pathway to medical school and that's what we call the Graduate Entry Medical Program. This Graduate Entry Medical Program is targeting candidates with BSc degrees in medically related courses. Applicants should have a good BSc degree in the following biomedical related programs. Biochemistry, Biological Sciences, Biomedical Engineering, Dietetics, Food Science and Technology, Herbal Medicine, Medical Laboratory Technology, Nursing, Pharmacy, Physician Assistantship and Optometry. For the Graduate Entry Medical Program, we are going to have three semesters of basic sciences what we term the Preclinical Program. So you have three semesters, each semester is 16 weeks and then after that for those who pass their exams, they'll move on to the clinical area and the clinical area will take another three years. So in all, the Graduate Entry Medical Program will last for four years. To qualify to enroll on the Graduate Entry Medical Program, you have to fulfill all the requirements by KNUST. If I say requirements by KNUST, you have to be a science student. If you have a BSc in any of the biomedical related programs and you are not a science student, you will not qualify for the Graduate Entry Medical Program. So if your WSSE or your A Level or your Senior Secondary School Certificate is not science based, if you did not do science, for example, if you are a nursing student but you did not do science, you are not qualified to enter into the program. And again, people are asking whether they can apply if they are in their final year in any of these programs. No, you cannot apply if you are not completed your program because in the application, you have to upload your certificate. So if you do not have your certificate ready, if you have not graduated, then you cannot apply. So I want to repeat, you have to be a science student. You will be required to upload your WSSE or SSE certificate or your A Level certificate and you must be a science student. So if you have BSc in nursing but you did not read science in the secondary school, then you will not qualify.